OADP Operator fails silently (#67917)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-operator-issues.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-operator-issues_{context}"]
= OADP Operator issues

You might encounter issues caused by problems with the {oadp-first} Operator.

[id="oadp-operator-fails-silently_{context}"]
== OADP Operator fails silently

> The S3 buckets of an OADP Operator might be empty, but when you run the command `oc get po -n openshift-adp-operator`, you see that Operator has a status of `Running.`  In such a case, the Operator is said to have _failed silently_ because it incorrectly reports that it is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The S3 buckets of an OADP Operator might be empty, but when you run the command `oc get po -n <OADP NS>`, you see that Operator has a status of `Running.`  In such a case, the Operator is said to have _failed silently_ because it incorrectly reports that it is running.
```

.Cause

The problem is caused when cloud credentials provide insufficient permissions.

.Solution

First, retrieve a list of backup storage locations (BSLs) and then check the manifest of each BSL for credential issues.

.Procedure

. Run one of the following commands to retrieve a list of BSLs:

.. Using the OpenShift CLI:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get backupstoragelocation -A
----

.. Using the Velero CLI:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero backup-location get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ velero backup-location get -n <OADP NS>
```

> $ remote_velero backup-location get

Reviewer 2: s/remote_velero backup-location get/velero backup-location get

----

. Using the list of BSLs, run the following command to display the manifest of each BSL, and examine each manifest for an error.
+
----

> $ oc get backupstoragelocation -n <namespace> -o yaml

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 Good catch!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-operator-issues_{context}"]
= OADP Operator issues

> You might encounter issues caused by problems with the {oadp-first} Operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The {oadp-first} Operator may encounter problems it is not able to resolve.
```

Author: Fixed, though I stuck with "might" as per the IBM guide.

[id="oadp-operator-fails-silently_{context}"]
== OADP Operator fails silently

> The S3 buckets of an OADP Operator might be empty, but when you run the command `oc get po -n <OADP_Operator_namesapce>`, you see that Operator has a status of `Running.`  In such a case, the Operator is said to have _failed silently_ because it incorrectly reports that it is running.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The S3 buckets of an OADP Operator might be empty, but when you run the command `oc get po -n <OADP_Operator_namesapce>`, you see that the Operator has a status of `Running.`  In such a case, the Operator is said to have _failed silently_ because it incorrectly reports that it is running.
```

Missing article - you might be missing the article “the” here?

Author: Good catches.

> The S3 buckets of an OADP Operator might be empty, but when you run the command `oc get po -n <OADP_Operator_namesapce>`, you see that the Operator has a status of `Running`.  In such a case, the Operator is said to have _failed silently_ because it incorrectly reports that it is running.

Reviewer 5: Is there a typo in this command? (OADP_Operator_namespace)

Reviewer 4: Not necessarily see https://github.com/openshift/origin/issues/5325

Reviewer 5: I'm sorry, I don't see anything in the PR you linked above that related to my question, but if you're telling me that "namespace" should be spelled "namesapce" in the command, then I can merge it, I guess. Please confirm.

Reviewer 5: ![Screenshot 2023-11-21 at 1 56 18 PM](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/96192119/ef33cb02-5b0e-4bc1-ae17-886ac06c8447)

?

Reviewer 4: @kcarmichael08 - apologies, i am an idiot. i thought you were looking at the `oc get po` command... which i double checked earlier.
Yes namespace.... double apologies for missing it

Reviewer 5: No, it's ok, I was just confused and thought I was missing something! It's been a long (short) week! :)

Author: @kcarmichael08 Good catch. I'm the sleepyhead. Fixed now.

.Cause

The problem is caused when cloud credentials provide insufficient permissions.

.Solution

> First, retrieve a list of backup storage locations (BSLs) and then check the manifest of each BSL for credential issues.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Retrieve a list of backup storage locations (BSLs) and check the manifest of each BSL for credential issues.
```

Author: Fixed.
